3.17 release post (#536)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-03-11-ember-3-17-released.md

---
title: Ember 3.17 Released
author: Kenneth Larsen
tags: Releases, 2020, 3, 3.17, Version 3.x
responsive: true
---

> Today the Ember project is releasing version 3.17 of Ember.js, Ember Data, and Ember CLI. This release kicks off the 3.18 beta cycle for all sub-projects. We encourage our community (especially addon authors) to help test these beta builds and report any bugs before they are published as a final release in six weeks' time. The [ember-try](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try) addon is a great way to continuously test your projects against the latest Ember releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today the Ember project is releasing version 3.17 of Ember.js, Ember Data, and Ember CLI. This release also kicks off the 3.18 beta cycle for all sub-projects. We encourage our community (especially addon authors) to help test these beta builds and report any bugs before they are published as a final release in six weeks' time. The [ember-try](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try) addon is a great way to continuously test your projects against the latest Ember releases.
```

You can read more about our general release process here:

- [Release Dashboard](http://emberjs.com/releases/)
- [The Ember Release Cycle](http://emberjs.com/blog/2013/09/06/new-ember-release-process.html)
- [The Ember Project](http://emberjs.com/blog/2015/06/16/ember-project-at-2-0.html)
- [Ember LTS Releases](http://emberjs.com/blog/2016/02/25/announcing-embers-first-lts.html)

---

## Ember.js

Ember.js is the core framework for building ambitious web applications.

### Changes in Ember.js 3.17

Ember.js 3.17 is an incremental, backwards compatible release of Ember with bugfixes, performance improvements, and minor deprecations. There are no new features, zero (0) deprecations, and several bugfixes in this version.

#### New Features (0)

> No new features in Ember.js 3.17, but it is worth noting that the Glimmer VM has been upgraded to 0.47.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No new features in Ember.js 3.17, but it is worth noting that the Glimmer rendering engine has been updated significantly.
```
